hey guys check it out it knowing here in
Texas shocking right okay so what do you
do with all this no this is my fourth
day that I've been stuck at home because
I can't get my car out and so it's
finally snowing it's not sleet or ice
and I'm gonna show you how to make this
delicious snow team I know probably
doesn't look that good but it is so good
you
so for the ingredients you're gonna need
a tub to put your snow cream in this is
kind of just a used-up table that I had
for ice cream when I made a recipe then
you're going to any milk
and kind of mess it's fine you can also
use condensed milk sugar and vanilla and
you're just going to need a spoon so the
first step to this is to collect snow
now get snow that nobody else has
touched like do this before your dogs
come outside and look how fluffy it is
so this is just a cooler that was
sitting outside and I'm just scooping
the snow off now um when you pack it you
don't want to press it down you want to
keep it nice and fluffy so step two
you're going to add as much sugar as you
want now the recipes online um said
about a cup but I think that's too sweet
so see I like doing this outside because
it gets so messy and then when you run
out of snow you come up and scoop some
more again so you add a little more
sugar because a lot of mine actually
ended up falling out make sure to get it
all the way to the bottom now I'm going
to add one more scoop of snow
okay now you add a tablespoon of vanilla
I don't know if that was a cable snap so
you really can you don't have to follow
a recipe for this I actually tried this
with condensed milk and it works so much
better because you just add the snow
with the condensed milk and vanilla so
you don't have that the milk and the
sugar so I basically run out of snow
because as you mix it's going to get
smaller they're going to compact so once
you're done mixing add your milk sorry
now you just get it to the consistency
you like some people might like it
wetter um I actually want mine to be
creamy
so you know if I like pack didn't look
at that coming together okay like the
brown spots are the UM vanilla
I can't mix this very well one-handed
and then take a cavity mmm perfect and
that's how you make snow cream now so
it's all mine kind of compact it
together I'm gonna go ahead and add more
to this and I will talk to you guys
later bye